Feat super linter (#142)
sustainable-computing-io/kepler-doc: docs/design/kepler-energy-sources.md

- **Power Plane 0** (PP0) : measures the energy consumption of all processor cores on the socket.
- **Power Plane 1** (PP1) : measures the energy consumption of processor graphics (GPU) on the socket (desktop models only).
- **DRAM**: measures the energy consumption of random access memory (RAM) attached to the integrated memory controller.

The support for different power domains varies according to the processor model.

## Reading Energy values

### Using RAPL MSR (Model Specific Registers)

The RAPL energy counters can be accessed through model-specific registers (MSRs). The counters are 32-bit registers that indicate the energy consumed since the processor was booted up. The counters are updated approximately once every millisecond. The energy is counted in multiples of model-specific energy units. Sandy Bridge uses energy units of 15.3 microjoules, whereas Haswell and Skylake uses units of 61 microjoules. The units can be read from specific MSRs before doing energy calculations.

> The MSRs can be accessed directly on Linux using the msr driver in the kernel. Reading RAPL domain values directly from MSRs requires detecting the CPU model and reading the RAPL energy units before reading the RAPL domain. Once the CPU model is detected, the RAPL domains can be read per package of the CPU by reading the corresponding 'MSR status' register.

Author: ```suggestion
The MSRs can be accessed directly on Linux using the msr driver in the kernel. Reading RAPL domain values directly from MSRs requires detecting the CPU model and reading the RAPL energy units before reading the RAPL domain. Once the CPU model is detected, the RAPL domains can be read per package of the CPU by reading the corresponding `MSR status` register.
```
